Software Design Document:

1 Introduction
The Software Design Document is a document to provide documentation which will be used to aid in
software development by providing the details for how the software should be built. Within the Software
Design Document are narrative and graphical documentation of the software design for the project
including use case models, sequence diagrams, collaboration models, object behavior models, and
other supporting requirement information.

We have done user stories for the pdf like merging,spliting,adding content and adding pages to the pdf.
we have run couple of sprints.

1.1 Purpose

Merge the pdfs, it will merge similar pdfs in one pdf.
Spliting the pdf, it can easily check the individual chapters.
Adding Content to the pdf,it can include the Data in the pdf.
Adding pages in the pdf,it provide new pages to the pdf.

The purpose of the Software Design Document is to provide a description of the design of a system
fully enough to allow for software development to proceed with an understanding of what is to be
built and how it is expected to built. The Software Design Document provides information
necessary to provide description of the details for the software and system to be built.


1.2 Scope

In merging pdfs,helps the user can save similar pdfs in one pdf.
In spliting the pdf,helps the user can easily check the individual chapters.
In Adding Content to the pdf,helps the user can include the Data easily in the pdf at any time.
In Adding pages in the pdf, helps the user to provide blank pages to the pdf.

This Software Design Document is for a base level system which will work as a proof of concept for
the use of building a system the provides a base level of functionality to show feasibility for large
scale production use. This Software Design is focused on the base level system and critical parts
of the system. For this particular Software Design Document, the focus is placed on generation of
the documents and modification of the documents. The system will be used in conjunction with
other pre-existing systems and will consist largely of a document interaction facade that abstracts
document interactions and handling of the document objects. 

Helps the user for easily access of pdf.

Testing:

We have used JUnit testing.

Summary:

The only moto is to help the user and developed code according to the user requirement so that they can easily access the pdfs.

